Try to find the description of the dataset inside the croissant (search for “description”).
Description: Archive containing all the contents of the IBM HR Analytics Employee Attrition & Performance Dataset.

md5: (r:md5 = message-direct algorithm 5)

Boolean Example: isAccessibleForFree: true

Why does using compression aid sustainability and net-zero goals?
Using compression helps sustainability, and net-zero goals because it reduces the amount of data that needs to be stored, transfered and processed.
If a website is compressed from 5mb to 500kb, that is much less data for servers, networks and user devices to handle. Across thousands of product images and thousands of visitors, that saving becomes significant.

What is the possible issue in identifying the meaning of the column "Years Since Last Promotion", especially when interpreting the value of '0' in one of the fields?
The issue could be it's not fully clear without a data dictionary especially when the value is 0.

The main issue is ambiguity, before using this column in analysis, you would ideally need to confirm what '0' means in the dataset documentation.
Ambiguity - The quality of being open to more than one interpretation, inexactness.

Compare the contents of the columns 'Over 18' and 'Overtime', what data quality issue can you identify?
Over 18 has Y, Over Time has Yes or No. The issue is mainly poor, ambiguous column naming and low-value data. The issue is mainly poor, ambiguous column naming and low-value data.

What are some possible issues with the data quality of MonthlyIncome and MonthlyRate?
Doesn't have the currency symbol added, showing as a number format.

How would you validate the 'EmployeeNumber' column and what needs paying special attention to?
To validate the EmployeeNumber column, treat it as an EmployeeID field, not as a normal number for analysis.


KSB's Covered-
Validated the HR Employee Attrition dataset by reviewing key columns, accepted values, missing data rules and column meanings. Identified data quality issues including constant fields, ambiguous values and identifier columns that should not be used for analysis. 
This helped ensure the dataset was suitable for further analysis and reporting.

S6- Systematically clean, validate, and describe data at all stages of extract, transform, load (ETL). - Cleaned, validated and described data by checking columns including EmployeeNumber, JobStatisfaction, Over18 and OverTime.
K4- Frameworks for data quality, covering dimensions such as accuracy, completeness, consistency, timeliness, and accessibility. - Applying data quality dimensions such as accuracy, completeness, consistency, uniqueness and validity.
K5- The inherent risks of data such as incomplete data, ethical data sources and how to ensure data quality. - Identified risks in the data, such as ambiguous meanings, low-value columns, constant fields and potential misinterpretation.
S26- Identify data quality metrics and track them to ensure the quality, accuracy and reliabilty of the data product. - Defined data quality metrics, for example accepted values, missing value rules, uniqueness checks and column descriptions.
K16-  Principles of data, including open and public data, administrative data, and research data including the value of external data sources that can be used to enrich internal data. Examples of how business use direct data acquisition to support ot arguement business operations. 
Working with data principles and understanding how fields should be interpreted before analysis.
K23- How to undertake analysis and root cause investigation - Investigated possible data issues and identifying the cause, such as why Over18 adds little value or why YearsSinceLastPromotion = 0 is ambiguous.
B3- Quality focus that promotes continuous improvement utilising peer review techniques, innovation and creativity to the data system development process to improve processes and address business challenges. - You are showing a quality-focused approach by checking the dataset before using it for analysis.
